REFLECTION.md

Question 1: Actually, this project is a demo version of my one idea. After I finished HW9, my friend complained that the it is difficult to decide the practicality for one course, there are many avaible options, so I decide to design such project in summer. I firstly metioned my small ideas to AI, such that "I want to scrape data about CMU course description and Knowledge requirment in Linkdin, and then use technology like LLP or ML model to analyze there similaity to get a recommandation list". Initially, I had no idea about how to do that, so I spent most free time in one week to talk with AI and declare each model to achieve the final function (application). In talking process, I confirmed the project structure, high-level implement details, and relative technology. Based on these knowledge, I picked the first two model, data scraping and similarity analysis about course description.

Question 2: I use a combination stragteies. The main workflow is: talking with Browser Chat (Claude) -> brain storm and confirm prompt -> give SPEC to agent (Claude code) -> run tests program -> human interaction and give feedback. 

Question 3: In task declaration, I know this whole project is very long and large-scale, so my strategy is to separate to small task to increase the robustness and save the context usage in each agent window. The talking with AI is the process to clear my requirment and decribe my desired project. I do not choose to use REVIEW.md, instead, I use python file with code to check, since large-scale prjects will spend more context tokens to analyze (the complexity is O(N^2) of transformer skeleton). Also, I have a lot of uncertain things and unexpected cases, so I use human interaction to debug. In impletation process, the fact follows what I thought, one agent will run out tokens after reading two SPEC and algorithm output is not what I expected (eg. 15251 has a low similarity with 21228), I have to talk with AI and add extra patch SPEC (like SPEC_3.1). However, as the optimization of project, my project development direction starts to be further and further away with the content in SPEC files. Hence I start to talk agent like the way of browser talk at the tail of project development.

Question 4: Yes, I learned about AI agent and a new agent workflow. Based on my experience and knowledge, I understand the detailed prompts including algorithm, ui color, ui position are necessary for AI to create a target code. In the case of coding with AI, human is like a leader that can ignore code information.

Question 5: If I have more time, I will complete the whole idea which I metioned in Quesiton 1, adding function of Linkdin date scarping, mobile phone interaction, better recommand algorithm, and somewhat unexpected cases or codes.